What's the matter?
The guy's a very great aunt.
Hello.
I mean,
when champion night,
this crystal old guy comes wondering however tears in these eyes point came
when he mumbled good.
Okay.
Grant us is what you're talking about.
You're gonna miss him.
We buried her.
Not here,
i think is still missing.
I don't care if he was a bull.
What done after reflected all again.
Oh,
then
i can't.
Men,
no.
No,
they
having a rest.
What we're having for dinner.
I feel looks,
gravy.
Yeah.
You what?
I can tell you.
Come on.
But he went.
What about you,
mother?
There,
you watch yourself.
You'll be under way before one more.
It's a mother's baraka here.
It looks nice.
One in the bathroom as you used to.
Just because he does something.
I used something.
Do you have to?
Here's what?
It's all the same.
Tiny shampoo.
And what about my condition?
Is absolutely none of that left a special being.
What have been washing the dog in that give?
Weather.
And now back to you,
john.
Well,
thanks very much,
benny.
And that's what we have a new sport and weather.
Settle back now,
finding the time.
When have i should say anyway?
It's typical way.
Have lovely conversations.
Don't way can't hear my mistake.
Death king of death.
Of course not.
She's not dead.
No,
mr cupid hearing is not as good as he used to be,
but i wouldn't describe you as deaf.
Not by any means.
Evidently,
a lot of people don't golly what people are saying.
Even i don't hear as well as i used.
Whatever ringing in me work like a slave taking out the distance that you think
your wreck and i'm not there.
You want a second opinion?
What's the verdict?
Good.
You no longer hear sounds.
And the other people.
That's what's making it difficult for you to follow conversations.
Thanks.
You think it's too late for that?
You can stop getting any worse,
but you can't improve the noise.
Yes,
twenty years of it.
You're the only one.
It's a major epidemic,
mr cooper.
Thousands of people like you are suffering from noise.
Death?
Can i never stop getting anywhere?
Get that company of yours to do something about it.
On the other hand,
i know a company that's done something about it.
Make an appointment for you to see the personnel.
No,
no,
thanks.
Don't worry about it.
I'll see what i can do.
The he reckons he knows affected.
That has done something about yeah,
you're going to get the year and you two doing worry,
mike,
we're on good money.
Can't save people's ears by given the money it hasn't helped make.
Crikey.
Then you've been even twenty years like a song and dance about it.
Of course,
i only just found out what a bloody minded under me.
You want us to do something about it.
You kind of need proof now.
Am i supposed to get that?
That's your problem.
Then you brought up the subject.
I'm looking for some information,
bail noise.
And what happens to your ears when you get too much of it?
What?
Quiet.
Hey!
Yeah.
Yeah,
we have you to do in bed.
Yeah.
What do you think of that?
Might be all right.
Might be.
We all know the machines and noisy men.
But you blokes get paid.
Good money,
karen.
Extent he's got up in the lunchroom.
Pretty frightening.
Now,
don't you start on me,
mike.
We've been putting up warnings from the safety section for years.
A lot of notice.
They take it,
but you've gotta really confess people hearing is suffering before they'll do anything
about it.
You can't just pick up buddy a star on a wall.
Union's happy,
isn't it?
What you seem to forget is it?
Without that machine of yours,
you'll be without a job without in a prepared to put up with that noise.
You ever got our factory.
But i've got the factory and i've got the blokes.
You show him.
Go open it.
Meaning well,
someone better,
man,
because i only just found that money.
Find a company that stump something about.
The old machine might enough noise to wake the dead.
Time can replace it.
Call craft decided to make sure that design covered the noisy world.
Nothing worked.
What makes you different?
We all sleep a little better.
Like wait.
Most of the other machines just needed modified to make noise.
Sometimes i loathe sound.
Not that expected,
but you really notice the difference.
God,
that more problems here.
So be it.
Got some quiet your equipment on all over america that's my merchant like they wear him out
on the ready line all their world.
But the best way by firing two detectives were really start in the machine
that's playing here beyond real while solving the problem.
That's part of why we're here.
How did that happen?
Amazement.
Call it.
They're hearing conservation programme.
Proud of stop.
Took a while.
Some of the blokes complained about the noise in the yard.
I've got the brass to issue him up to everyone that didn't do much good.
So then the union got behind the idea and they invited the near expert.
Really shook everyone up.
You have made the death.
I continue.
So we got the expert to talk to them.
That shook him up.
The ball's started running a bloody big difference.
I can't hear you don't want a lot heavier.
You know,
you should talk to that hearing you're looking for.
Yeah,
i know.
You could always come work for us.
Lane.
I appreciate what you do together.
Might come sit up on titan.
We're changing your intervention.
I don't have anyone.
I don't hear too well myself.
Hadley,
ever your telephone.
Who's having a night in the woods?
Yeah,
yeah.
Klein,
you could sympathy.
You did.
They're free.
Let me everybody guiding help.
Revenues are half wit.
Stick with it.
I'm glad.
Something twenty years they're gonna be like that.
Sure you could do something about it.
Well,
tried telling them give to lose because you're telling him yourself.
They used to wear that said he got hit the other kids ravished even that
maxie didn't mother anymore.
What if i brought in an expert to talk to him on the management wouldn't like it.
What if we put it down to an educational lecture?
They might go along with it.
What's the healthy here?
Those little white things are extremely tiny hair cells that changed the sounds
into any chronic impulses that are sent to the brain.
If they're damaged,
you stop here.
This is what they look like.
Then they've been exposed to the same sort of sound conditions as you have in this factory.
You look too good do that.
But that's only over a short period to convince you to get the union back there.
Uh,
okay.
What happens to the hair cells over a longer period?
They're dead.
Quite dead.
Killed off by son.
Now,
there's no ifs or buts in this.
If you work in noise,
you'll go death.
You leave your ears unprotected even for ten minutes a day.
In a few years time you're hearing will suffer.
It's a simple as that.
I just believe that i think we don't like to think the audiologist
and minutes,
right.
Just have a deputation of apprentices in here.
Let that pretty stood up.
Worried about the noise?
I don't suppose that's got anything to do with you.
I improved in educational lecture ofyour bloody cross there.
Write me off as a crank in your life,
not you.
Well,
well,
i'm inclined to agree with you.
Well,
what we gonna do about one?
The noise you started all this well.
First you could organize a noise survey of the whole factory to identify the problem areas.
You could bring the next,
but back in to talk to women job.
Well,
i was thinking you could close the plant down from afternoon lunch
survey in the lunch hour.
That's enough for one day after that.
No promises whatsoever,
okay?
It's like we've got a lunch date.
No.
What i want to know is did you pick up the gun pretty clearly.
That was last year.
Got the japanese to design change course.
Come on.
No,
where we're at.
Well,
we'll get one that runs a bit quiet when that was made.
So the japanese could you make one that run about ninety,
still very noisy.
Time goes by and bras well.
Riley,
this japanese turns up and he says,
are you?
Yeah.
Happening is sorry.
Carry on,
cando.
This is what a machine that runs on ninety.
No.
Oh,
yes,
all our machines.
One of eighty five decibels.
Very difficult to make a front.
Any noisy?
Yeah,
jeff.
And again,
mr.
No.